# TriToken Automator -- automate your TriToken NFTs!

## What is this?
[Chikn](https://chikn.farm) pioneered the tri-token architecutre - upgradeable NFTs that generate (inflationary) tokens that you can stake to generate volume-capped tokens, which can be used to upgrade your NFT to produce higher yields of the inflationary token. For Chikn, this means:
* Chikn NFTs lay EGG tokens
* EGG token can be staked to generate FEED tokens
* FEED tokens can be used to upgrade your Chikn NFT to lay more EGG per day

The tri-token idea was forked by several other projects -- [VMTycoon](https://vmtycoon.io), [MinerJoe](https://minerjoe.com/), [Avalant](https://avalant.com).

It might be early to say if this idea is sustainable (Chikn is definitly doing well!), but one thing is certain - managing this game takes time, and I found myself spending too much time clicking claim & stake buttons.

The TriToken Automator automates claiming & staking tokens in a tri-token project. At the moment it supports Chikn, VMTycoon, MinerJoe, and Avalant. Since these are all forks of the original project, the contract differences are small and it takes minutes to support new projects.

## What is does
For each project, you can tell the script to:
* Claim "eggs". The term "egg" is used for the token that's generated by the project's NFTs, so for example in VMTycoon it means "Businesses".
* Stake "eggs". This is single-staking, not LP farming (see comment about Chikn Farmland below)
* Claim "feed". The term "feed" is used for the project's volume-capped token, so for example in VMTycoon it means "Dolla".

(Note that when you stake "eggs" the "feed" is automatically claimed by the contract).

### About Chikn Farmland
Chikn Farmland is a new-ish way to farm FEED, currently only available in the Chikn project. At the moment this script supports it by auto-claiming the FEED when the Farmland is full. Compounding eggs into the LP is not supported at the moment.


## How to use this
* `npm install`
* Add your wallet address & private key to config.json
* `npm run <project> -- <options>` without any options, the script will only claim the "egg" token

For example, to claim & stake VMTycoon Businesses, run:
`npm run vmtycoon -- --claim-egg --stake-egg` 

To claim eggs from chikn, run:
`npm run chikn`

To only claim Credits from Minerjoe, run:
`npm run minerjoe -- --claim-feed`

To claim feed from your farmland if it's full, run:
`npm run farmland`

You can also set the project yourself with the "auto" script:
`npm run auto -- -p <project> <options>`

Or you can just run the script directly from node:
`node index.js -p <project> <options>`

To see all the available options:
`npm run auto -- -h`
or 
`node index.js -h`

* Use cron to run it on schedule. If you use multiple projects make sure to add a few minutes buffer between each project to avoid transactions trying to run at the same time.

## TODO
* Tests :-)
* Automate upgrading NFTs
* More Farmland support: auto-compouding, buying LP tokens with new eggs, upgrading Farmland with egg
